1. Parameter Store
	- Parameter Store supports parameter policies that are available for parameters that use the advanced parameters tier. Parameter policies help you manage a growing set of parameters by allowing you to assign specific criteria to a parameter such as an expiration date or time to live. Parameter policies are especially helpful in forcing you to update or delete passwords and configuration data stored in Parameter Store, a capability of AWS Systems Manager.
2. Secrets Manager
	- AWS Secrets Manager is an AWS service that encrypts and stores your secrets, and transparently decrypts and returns them to you in plaintext. It's designed especially to store application secrets, such as login credentials, that change periodically and should not be hard-coded or stored in plaintext in the application. In place of hard-coded credentials or table lookups, your application calls Secrets Manager.
	- Secrets Manager also supports features that periodically rotate the secrets associated with commonly used databases. It always encrypts newly rotated secrets before they are stored.
	- Secrets Manager integrates with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt every version of every secret value with a unique data key that is protected by an AWS KMS key. This integration protects your secrets under encryption keys that never leave AWS KMS unencrypted. It also enables you to set custom permissions on the KMS key and audit the operations that generate, encrypt, and decrypt the data keys that protect your secrets.
3. KMS


- [Secrets Manager](https://medium.com/awesome-cloud/aws-secrets-manager-overview-introduction-to-secrets-manager-getting-started-641bc722cd1a): It was designed specifically for confidential information (like database credentials, API keys) that needs to be encrypted, so the creation of a secret entry has encryption enabled by default. It also gives additional functionality like rotation of keys.
- [Systems Manager Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html): It was designed to cater to a wider use case, not just secrets or passwords, but also application configuration variables like URLs, Custom settings, AMI IDs, License keys, etc.